Q)write a blog on differences between http 1.1 vs http2
Ans)Http stands for Hyper Text Transfer Protocol.It is the baseline for all web applications.Http is basically a set of rules or
or a protocal used by computers and servers to transfer information,for example if someone navigates and searches google.com on their
web browser then the Http request is send from the browser to the server requesting them for the corresponding web page.
           The first version of Http was created in !997 and as it went under many development stages it is referred to as Http1.1.
However,it had shortcomings which were overcome by Http2 which was invented in 2015 as it was faster and more efficient.
The  differences between Http 1.1 and Http2 are as follows:-                                      
1)Http1.1  works on textual format whereas Http2 works on binary format.
2)Http1.1 has a head of line blocking that blocks all the requests behind it until it doesn't get its resources.Whereas Http2 allows multiplexing so one tcp 
connection is required for multiple requests.
3)Http1.1 uses requests resource Inlining for getting multiple pages.Whereas Http2 uses PUSH frame by server that collects multiple pages.
4)Http1.1 compresses data by itself whereas Http2 compresses data using HPACK compression.


Q)Write a blog on objects and its internal representation.
Ans)An Object in javascript is a combination of primitive as well as non primitive data types.It is a reference datatype.Variables that are assigned a reference value are given a refernce pointer to that value.That reference or pointer points to the loction in the memory where the object is stored.
Objects in Javascript maybe defined as an unordered collection of related data,of primitive or reference types,in the form of"key:value"pairs.These keys can be variables or functions and are called properties and methods,respectively in the context of an object.
In javascript,an object is a standalone entity,with properties and type.Compare it with a cup for example,a cup has colour,design,weight and material.The same way Javascript objects can have properties which define their characteristics.
Creating Objects in JS:-
1)By Object Literal
syntax:-
object={property1:value1,property2:value2........propertyN:N}
example:-
let person={name:xxx,age:yyy,sex:zzz}
2)By Creating instance of object
syntax:-
var objectname=new Object();
Example:-
Var emp=new object();
emp.id=101;
emp.name="XXX";
emp.salary=50000;

Accessing Objects in Javascripts:-
Objectname.Property
or
ObjectName["property"]